README.md, before:

# NTU-login-extension
My chrome extension implementation of the SSO login, I don't particularly like to be redirected through two login pages. 

Feel free to clone and fork, but do read the source code before you do, and understand how it works.

# How
This is non-malicious: feel free to look at the source. The `ssoLogin` content script fills in the user_id and password fields with the values from the javascript file itself. By doing so, login is almost instantaneous. 

![login_demo](./assets/login_demo.gif)

# Why 

It's way faster than logging in manually. 

# Security

Be careful of whom and what you share. Users should exercise extra caution when handling files containing credentials. This extension should really only be used by *yourself* for *yourself*. 

# Installation
Open `chrome://extensions` in Chrome, click `Load Unpacked` and navigate to your local copy of this directory.

![add_extension](./assets/add_extension.gif)

# To-do 
1. `popupLogin` (for intu/star wars) script by simply follows the SSO login link. Only managed to bypass it by parsing user_id and password directly to the address bar.
2. Automatic temperature logging / star selection.
3. Automatic login when site is redirected to login page. Listens for a change in tab url and will run the appropriate content script.
4. - Reading credentials from autofill such as Google Chrome password manager/Lasspass/Keychain for added security.
   - Css for users to enter their credentials.

# Thanks

- [SUTD sso login](https://github.com/joel-huang/edimension-sso-login)

Commit message:

Starwars,wishlogin (#2)
Firefox integration, intu & stars

README.md, after:

# NTU Login for Chrome and Firefox

![release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/tanshengrong/NTU-login-extension)[![DeepScan grade](https://deepscan.io/api/teams/8036/projects/10182/branches/137010/badge/grade.svg)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard#view=project&tid=8036&pid=10182&bid=137010)

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/options.png" alt="options"/>
</p>

## How it works

Credentials entered by the user in the extension's option page is stored locally in the browser. The extension detects **relevant NTU website** that requires login and inputs the credentials into DOM elements using Javascript. As INTU login uses ASPX login form, JS is unable to access the elements. Credentials are parsed onto the web address instead.

## Installation

Git clone this repository or head over to the [releases](https://github.com/TanShengRong/NTU-login-extension/releases/). 

#### Chrome

Open `chrome://extensions` in Chrome, click `Load Unpacked` and navigate to your local copy of the chrome extension directory.

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/add_extension.gif" alt="add_extension" width="500"/>
</p>

#### Firefox

Drg the xpi file into firefox. 

## Demo

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/login_demo.gif" alt="login_demo" width="500"/>
</p>

#### Potential issues

- Changes in the web addresses for NTU login

### Special thanks

- [SUTD sso login](https://github.com/joel-huang/edimension-sso-login)
